Terraform readme (#184)
stern-sigma/pigasus: cloud-resources/README.md

# Cloud Resources Terraform 

A terraform file to initialise all of the cloud resources described in the architecture diagram in `/dev-resources`.

## Getting Started 🔨

For the terraform to work, the following must be set up:

- You must have an AWS account
- You must have a database which is accessible over the internet
- You must have an ECS cluster initialised on your AWS account
- Create a file called 'terraform.tfvars'
- Your terraform.tfvars should have the following format:
  ```HCL

>   AWS_VPC_ID = <str: id of your VPC>
>   DB_HOST = <str: host of your database>
>   DB_PORT = <int: port over which your database runs>
>   DB_PASSWORD = <str: your db password>
>   DB_USER = <str: your db username>
>   SCHEMA_NAME = <str: the schema of your database in which your tables are stored>
>   public_subnet_ids = <list(str): a list of ids of subnets for resources to be made avilable from. Must be public and located within the same VPC as your AWS_VPC_ID>
>   cluster_arn = <str: the arn of the ECS cluster in which you want any ACS tasks to run>
>   my_email = <str: the email which you want to handle alert emails. Must be verified in AWS>
>   access_key = <str: you aws access key>
>   secret_access_key = <str: your aws secret access key>

Author: ```suggestion
  AWS_VPC_ID = <string: id of your VPC>
  DB_HOST = <string: host of your database>
  DB_PORT = <number: port over which your database runs>
  DB_PASSWORD = <string: your db password>
  DB_USER = <string: your db username>
  SCHEMA_NAME = <string: the schema of your database in which your tables are stored>
  public_subnet_ids = <list(string): a list of ids of subnets for resources to be made avilable from. Must be public and located within the same VPC as your AWS_VPC_ID>
  cluster_arn = <string: the arn of the ECS cluster in which you want any ACS tasks to run>
  my_email = <string: the email which you want to handle alert emails. Must be verified in AWS>
  access_key = <string: you aws access key>
  secret_access_key = <string: your aws secret access key>
```
